from January until now
here is an engine
Here is another engine to sit in the car
Remote Control
here is an improvised battery that I
I again return to be able to send back
to bar the contribution of engines that
the original control of the cart which the
system is simple and has an axis that
the garbage was not very well
this part that starts the engine turns around
of the shaft
here is a piece that hangs
More or less, it works.
he raises also raises came in here
when it hangs
to get back on the ground in control and that's it
back and behind the same thing
The party came back to start the engine and the
latch here turns and if latch is do not want
stay
and effective and lowered here the central wire
antenna switch of a switch
the league ciliares and that's it